VIDEO.mp4
Generated using Transcript LOL
=========================================

Hey, this isn't going to be your regular sales video where I'm going to try to sell you our services. I don't like those videos and I don't think you or anyone else does. So I'm just going to be super honest, tell you what we do, how it works and what you can expect. So by the end of this video, you'll know if you are a good fit to work with us.

So to give you some context, a few years ago, A few years ago I had a software startup and I got zero customers. I spent almost a year building it and I learned the most important lesson I've learned in business, which is it doesn't matter how good you are if nobody knows about you. Long story short, I had a good product. My early users liked it, but I couldn't grow it because I had no consistent way to bring in new people, and that's what killed it.

And I see the same thing happen to business owners every single day, who probably look just like you, where you're good at what you do, you have a good service, you have referrals, you have good reviews, but at the end of the day, you're simply just not hitting your goals. And it's not your service or your pricing. It's just because you don't have a system that brings in as many clients as you need.

That's it. That's the whole problem holding you back from hitting your goals. And that was the only thing missing for me. So I built a system like that for myself and then for other businesses.

And then that's how Nils Digital started. And today we've worked with over 100 businesses. We have a perfect five-star rating on Showspilot. We're Google partner certified, and we've managed over $2 million in 2025 in ad spend.

We've also won awards for building six-figure funnels. And this is not to flex or anything. It's just so you know that our systems are proven to work. And look, I'm not going to trash every other option there is to get clients out there, but let me give you some context on why you might have tried some other things in the past and they didn't work and why ours will.

So if you tried running Facebook and Instagram ads, you know they're hard to scale simply because the people who see your ad weren't looking for you in the first place. They were probably scrolling reels or minding their own business and then you popped up And even if they follow through and give you their information, it's a harder lead to close because they're not problem aware. They were not trying to solve the problem in the first place, so they don't have high intent for a solution. Some studies actually show that leads from Facebook and Instagram convert three to five times less than leads from Google.

And just logically, it makes sense. When you need a contractor, a dentist, someone to fix your roof, or just a local service, you go to Google, you search for them. You don't sit around waiting for an ad on Instagram. So that means that the stuff you click on Instagram, it's just because it cuts your attention for a second, and sometimes you follow through.

Most of the time people don't, just because you were not looking for a problem to solve in the first place. And if you've tried SEO, it does work, but it's super slow. It takes months to rank. There's no guaranteed traffic.

Sometimes the traffic's bad. So if you need clients in the next months, if you need clients now, it's not the solution. It's not the tool you need. So what does actually work is putting your business in front of people who are already searching for what you do.

And then having a system that turns that interest into a client. Google search traffic is by far the highest intent traffic you can buy because right now someone in your city is literally searching for your service right now. They already know they need you. You just need to position yourself.

You just need to position your business so that they find you, trust you, and go with you. And maybe you've tried running Google Ads before and you don't think they work. And it's because you might have sent them And it's because you might have sent them to your website and you're doing too many things. So maybe you have multiple go-to actions, a contact page, a portfolio page, a blog, social media, and it's just distracting them from converting.

And the average website converts at 2% to 3% conversion rate, meaning that out of 97 people, meaning that out of 100 people, only 97 convert into leads. Our funnels get 10%, 15%, 18%, 20% because when you know what you're doing, who you're talking to, and you build one page to do one thing, you can get four to five times the amount of results compared to a normal website. And I'll put in some results to back up that claim. And that's exactly what we'll build for your business.

And it works as one integrated system. So first, we'll build you a high converting premium funnel, a single focus page built to do one thing only, which is turn visitors into leads or appointments. Not a generic page, something that makes you look like the obvious best option in your market. And we're an award winning funnel.

Funnel Agency, I'll show you the plaque we got for building six-figure funnels. And yours, we'll build to the same standard if you go with us. The second thing we'll do is research, build, launch, and optimize your entire Google Ads campaign so we handle everything from the copy, the targeting, the tracking, and we improve it every single week so that your results get better and your cost per lead goes down over time. So there's no need to piece together three separate agencies.

You just give us one to two hours of your time to get all the information we need, and we'll have everything set up within 14 days. So if your average client is worth at least $1,000 to your business and you're comfortable investing at least $3,000 a month or more in Google Ad Spend, then the math is really a no-brainer for you. You'll be super profitable. So if your business is already doing well and you just need more volume, you can take on more clients, this is absolutely perfect for you.

And to make this a complete no-brainer, We back everything with a guarantee. We back up everything with a guarantee. So every industry has an average cost per lead. If you're a plumber here in Chicago, it might be around $40.

So whatever your industry or your area, there's a number. for a cost of a lead. Our guarantee is pretty simple. Within 30 days of starting with us, we will beat that cost per lead, or you don't pay us our monthly retainer until we do.

So you're pretty much guaranteed a profitable ad campaign within the first 30 days, or you don't pay. And after working with over 100 businesses, we've only had to honor that guarantee once. So in other words, you're guaranteed to have a profitable ad campaign. So look, by the end of this video, you have two choices.

You can move on and keep doing what you've been doing, or you can take one to two minutes, fill out that short survey below. It's just like four or five questions to find out if you're a good fit for us. And if you are, you will get the opportunity to schedule a call with me. It will be a sales sales call.

I'm the owner. I don't do commissions. We'll see if the numbers make sense for your business and figure out if it's the right move. Worst case scenario, you walk away with real actionable advice.

So it's a win-win anyways, either a free strategy session or a partnership that gets you consistent clients every month. So go ahead and fill out that survey below and hopefully I'll see you on the call.